c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\Mvc_Ninject.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\Mvc_Ninject.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\Mvc_Ninject.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\obj\Debug\Mvc_Ninject.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Ninject\Mvc_Ninject\obj\Debug\Mvc_Ninject.pdb
